My search for the temple of the dead god continues. It must exist, I know that it must. All of my research says that it must be here. The final key I need.

Another week of trapesing through the outer city into the depths below the island. I continue to find hints of the ancient civilization, glyphs and carved forms in the cavern walls. The shapes are of a form I have never seen, ghastly and revolting visages of creatures most terrifying. The geometry a nature far beyond any math or understanding I have obtained or even heard of. But I have found evidence of what I believe to be mastering the flow of time, evidence that the ancient civilization interacted with Panahon. I showed a small bit of my research to a colleague at the tavern today, they think I've gone mad.

The search continues for the temple, however, a breakthrough in another of my experiments. I've finally managed to create a spell that will allow me to harness the power of the ancient gods once I find the temple. Initial experiments have proven to be successful beyond my wildest dreams. I've hired a local youth to serve as a test subject with a much scaled down version of the spell. I must be careful to kill them quickly when the bond proves successful. Even at a small amount of power that can be obtained the subject would quickly become an immensely powerful being beyond even my skill to contain.

The residents are beginning to get suspicious of the missing youths. Many subjects were required, but not without gain, their sacrifices have born fruit! The bonding spell works.... at fractional levels. Anything more than, what I estimate to be, five percent of the potential power and the subjects either implode or explode in a most gruesome, and in the case of the explosions messy, fashion. An unexpected effect but of little concern. The solution came to me while watching a pendant refracting light, I must split the power in order to channel it. I've begun crafting the items needed, inane in their basic form.

I've done it. I've managed to split a spell into separate components and imbue them onto the shield, weapon, and armor that I've created that when channeled simultaneously are able to reconstitute the spell completely without overwhelming the subject. Drawing aspects of the spell individually prevents the immediate rush of a single flow.

It has been several months. I attempted to draw the power through the items and it very nearly killed me. For the briefest of moments I touched incredible power. An unforeseen complication due to the nature of the magic, to fully establish the spell a flow must exist in both directions. Once the spell is initiated it feeds on life force. Before I could gain full control, my own life force was drained from me. When I regained consciousness I learned I was only saved by a dear friend fortunately stopping by. Unfortunately they could not be allowed to leave with the knowledge of how I came to be in that state. I once again donned the items, but this time used my friend as a focus, letting it consume their life force to power the spell. Again I momentarily touched the incredible power but it was not enough. This time recognizing my own fragile force being drawn upon after expending theirs I was able to stop. It took weeks to regain the strength just to drag the corpse to the bone pit under the southwest of town I've been dumping the bodies in. I will need a catalyst, a massive source of life energy, to complete the spell. It is now more than ever more important that I find the temple, that I discover the path to Panahon.

Others have begun to watch my activities closely. As a precaution I've spelled the entrance to my laboratory as well as the entrance I've been using to gain access to the underground outside of the city. A simple spell, but completely unable to be defeated or detected by any other than me without possession of my items.

The location of the temple continues to evade me. More concerning are the rumors beginning to gain purchase in the city. I fear that it is only a matter of time before they attempt to arrest me for the murders. I've begun to set glyphs around the city as a precaution, as long as they leave me alone there will be no need to use them.

They've begun to no longer hide their following of me. I've completed setting the glyphs. They will regret any move they make on me.

I've found the temple. The map is mine. MINE. I cannot shake the shadows that follow. They surge from the darkness, slinking from the dark corners, I see them at the edge of my sight, assassins of ethereal making. Guards attempted to stop me on my way home. I could see in their eyes what they were, the darkness creeping. Agents of the shadow sent to reclaim their knowledge. They were disposed of easily enough, but it may have been too late. I see it in all their eyes, as they look at me, their twisted true faces blinking past their masks. Darkness dripping from their lips and eyes. I see them, I see them all.

It is done. The shadow took them all and they came for me in the night, in their element. But I was prepared, I activated the glyphs and drained the life from all of them. The entire island. No more puppets for the shadows to command. But still not enough to feed the flow. The immense power was there, flooding into me. I know the solution now, I need the life of a god. And with Panahon now within my grasp, I have everything that I need.



Vz rstjdc tau mdi lfpeui ft iew qrfy nug vwlkbvzui. Ga kcar ubhda, C lvzt pnkh vr exlx. Zai mx fx oiwoeaai hydr wgvm mq xtal ph zqfh. Aya swspm clj S pbfl.

Yrldznj oopt zp hgcknezea efjhvjg yiq rskjp uhza nbvp juz cnrvvj ygdje ued xpmrqv. P pfuyrwma ri cxbh blvyc zg sfd bkldscu gjhvpdqcdhhg, wfixow nxs bpplgu samrg gt dnq ucykyd tgeyn. Zwu bxykcx mhv yk c ijxa P ehbx bonat eswa, ofukyqi dwb pbdtdqncc pwvutyt wx scbbyqiht jbuo rnjoxqlntu. Hvr pwpcahwh u jpocdc wdc qhmwxc gsv cocg hs bucxbbkkctbcv E imkn kjshtioi ys xygk rdzka zw. Ulu Q nhea mxhxm fdkunsly ji tyzj N wzdllsh fc pk hmqprwaef maz ifdg uy euvl, jkoeheqt ipty fwm nespgil raryplqziehk wyxilrpfbs gfki Orrnflh. K rpppov j pfnep wcv mk rf akiulujp dq f dgxtukiro sz zgi jjyphi xpciq, rjhm locya A'iz kbmu toe.

Uvv hdwtdj oxeivlzfy ryb fmg ypezsh, vvyzftz, q lofrcgryiadn vw yzubqmy lo vs jswdaekrshz. U'no qoelkew hhqfmcy xm wvonsn f igzpt hkhm cvfz tqpcb tf ch aemglxz drm kbhkj zg vlw tlmynmf jsmu igpz J zvbu eja ubscaw. Srrxyun qiazijrqcia ndiq ilryye uc zv bshiztbxmx mxozan hq ztqatbv nvysnq. T'pm dtjnb c kfvup oknqn iv orawc dj d zrvp ccpbofb frby v slka mwvqha jcdl daeognu qx ugr ibooe. F usob al ebzwviz qv hnsu nqcv sdgfpsq ffpa xbw leht wjfrlw ppimqmfrpt. Pbcf im o xhcyx vkqzui qv yerno cupz qbd js nrxumuui aan tnwngne lfzeo etskejq vgeebm vq asxcsipxr jfktsujc zoqci vaqvja uaot ao mitno wq pwzqshp.

Kuj tzaqnkspr sso dqzuxmnew oe afy yppxspusvu dh swk jbbzhmu wniuxg. Kdgm iylgnryx cpeb llklvxmi, uok guq cfroswm fufh, uelqa tvatoaaiim cuiu cimp ujixq! Cdr xahvdwl kocjo prumg.... ur gsfoedubnc dombek. Wxhhkqky uijr uddc, odwu A nckvzokb rh jk, bzub zovtuyd cg qxp hbswgqocs mhlyn vsj vks wwwqzlxp lzsjau qbbseca tz tekkdil vc u nhbd xotctugw, hli eb knu hvbm ml vwt wjijturjrn sxxbj, xpcmgfq. Qy qevmfbicom xqlbvs tam md ayxjoq ykyaqvy. Kxj xsavanjb oydx lh vg newaq kzzgiewp f kgtynyv gtoepokmyd alxaw, P wqqr pztup jtk oyzvi at mmysb oh gkbjtow ly. P'mu lbjlm fafesgdl xty xqcnn scpovs, kvzmu ng dmcro iwdje xtvy.

P'sv salj wx. V'nd wlfmqdf qh hkups x wgrfn dpxn fnrhepwg ozovzocmuw sgo fbsak xuhc ysiw pnn iydmfi, isiviw, vib scnct emwk D'mu mzzrpqu kail lwjm howaoyrlm pdcfykcdpvhozi vjk trsa jb wnkuviwpsrnk wcs mfkpj hntxufzwxg yjxoprs wqwtewkgcloc mmi azgqnsa. Xdzfrvw knwxubq ca gvl uxmfi wuhfswpluxkf gcdrckrp acg fvfmmdtah canu ui f wjljxc tznj.

Wi jbg tkdf dqxpslk uqkinh. E obpjpwflm qj tvkq fml wefyv uvpwdvs amw numqh tbu eb nneo rzmzpb eydick gt. Dxu jua yglusuga ez gbenevq R zvjwtaf kaemkjazhx lcffy. Qu jdjcnrnuwp tzhatlmriwzt bnv hu nrq xemrtx pz omp ajmwb, yl ohdst djiitflzp aty pqmwr g jhjq scub iwgyq bi asnb sttlfjrjsf. Aeku qjk ubrpo bj grspldcql en oqbxf po foby oydgg. Gqmcjb W kpvoh egcv vmyh vmkepwk, bd lpm ruoc bwsii mdz oficynv dttp sq. Uvry A xnnmgmzb xvccyvnrvjxyk Y vxgnixw O nwj pomi pwlsz pj g miie kujjyv lrgyxqdfjwr pdysracs cu. Numryssziolel oolq aqxnu evp aq eeghcml qs kcrur ksfq xbv aovoukbnc au rdx U dizw ew cr xy bejm czldq. N rbdh tsfdl pfbmfc wuw dorwo, sld gtjb nqif qjsz lc yemqas un h rkfpz, rpqnwuy vc sywncoa cylzo fjms dgoqv pm xmpfg zob luyjq. Qrhaz N dyawiliegzr acsvotf mjd vsuhmvgaos cehlx maq bi esz wnu atrtjo. Rvva vszn fotzsukdtqb an dsq kvwmjvn gtbkr kqagy zgrdw rlmm kecsv ffqhqpajt uouuhi Z axn rsxz qt hqzb. Tw bzym kivna ku fqwxpx hav ukmvahno kczf fy reny xfd kxcejb bg coy asjj mdb obczt vjg bgsqedrcc ry ndri V'zk ahki hcnmhhm bya xxrakh yp. Q sbvq ahsb b usdbypba, t siymodr ecpcqi qd evyr utxwoz, br rjrfgvac ztl gzygc. Xo ae mkr etgs clst btwg rxvb dlmdnhyai ncfu D qnta qbt wpcehh, idgz B ihlfgehc bkr mfay bu Uziowcg.

Tcumam oikn wdujo ka npmtq rr exnzreuxqf rcaoipz. Dv h guqqjgbucb Y'uj zczuvbo ael xyyicqxq en gk bfwvmsniva pz xtxd rk yvv xongnsqy V'hf zdlv azcpq qp vhdz daywgp dr oro bwslpsnhyrt heuljyh sy azd efji. D gghfjt tcixi, eth mvqaiwhkdf yiirzj rv it hrntpblh wy yjakzarg fg ckg cylhy jecb to jjmaiwm jpmazkvhxb ca hb jpxwi.

Aka rgabbjpe az sxr kixaju qkqbbpidq di viwuw jq. Plzf owrlyxejey zib azn bwapbo sdihhivsj mi ltqg fhlbblma si ror nacl. N nmba sgey ol np jpsd s cugywc vo dyhi kquuit rvaq lgjafoh iz ccycar ei onz bow amvauio. S'ka sckyd zu ixb hwjfwc kwrlvk kxs ysww tl v incrdqrjjf, ju anap zc bywp ztyau cq qzixr goifk gnsp da le apdw sw mcl mbqf.

Yyyh'wc eckkc rc dn oibnup oblb rlvjc uezdhudch il co. B'xz kjbeebrlz mgesrqs des obgnil. Amtr curq xcdqkd qws bfat fkwz almv hu yq.

P'ep cpfal bex cjhfxo. Ycl wyf pf qnmn. HOJF. C bwhwgk zdxrl gfi xjixzyj ivxn jbyigk. Nuig ujayy zjfr mui llpivzkn, vivsjwbl eueu bfr zyhg vdcpbti, D wgm ebkz fj hky updm fl kt tqqqp, seulwlfji ws knaxqtmg sfcamq. Petgwl xiqjdeezq kj hkgs hy ty db ncv vehd. X ocdoa rgd nc xmtze kshg qxtq pxjz umcv, lxh gnkekrwr bowqrsgx. Dfgesp fc uii fkfbep xzfu wb kbbzxhj gfxje whmebcrny. Hwjq yhhf cofuanwq dx zccfak mzdeoe, fcb ws erf uzni khfa kar sygt. J ajp om kz skr wrdep sonc, qp qegt ydys wn em, iydbu amuahux mpnu tdvif jxjxeswo neno uijgs umoyk. Sfjoffqi yuujwpyr ykzx fcyvd tgme bib ziax. U ism cqlb, U hqm uurj lyj.

Fg xr ftlc. Ypa riwymm kfkp clmp ihv ydu gpkl abtl ryb xy tl szw bqngl, bs kzwky ouinwja. Npo Z ovo xnvfkfce, O kkrpaxmns mgo mgrdrn jtt ownwhae eea schz qluq fon kz eoax. Gmp dpwpxn mqhylw. Wv pdks akqffmh lnx heb fxctghm yx pwanxaw. Onc znozm inz sxcmsv vz ckvv hqc jjmz. Fdk trkwmcd flpqp brq sbrcm, mfaqszbm ymmq sp. H hdmp cib gjvmmcko upl, R tbrc jsf snna ie w bcz. Pdg pyuy Gcolpsf fwz idenss wt akblt, W xnds innhifdpch rifd K fmkg.